>> Richard Feldman: So
here's the equivalent Elm code,
this also introduces something
new that we haven't seen before.
So list.map \str arrow, we'll get
into what that means momentarily.
String.toUpper str,
so String.toUpper is Elm's equivalent
of .toUpperCase in JavaScript.
We've seen ++ and
then of course we've seen lists.
So, this right here is
an anonymous function.
This is how you define a function in
line in Elm without giving it a name.
Like we did previously with pluralize.
So syntactically,
what's going on here is, this little
\ is intended to look like a lambda.
So lambda is usually the term for
functions in a lot of
programming languages, and the history
of functions in general in math.
So that's why the backslash is there.
It's intended to look like a little
lambda sign, as sort of a historical nod.
We got an arrow, which indicates
the end of the argument list and
the beginning of
the function implementation.
So, in JavaScript, you have the double
equals arrow, or the fat arrow.
In Elm, it's just a small arrow with
a dash instead of an equal sign.
Also, if we had multiple arguments here,
those would be separated by spaces,
just like in a named function,
with no commas.
This is going to uppercase the string.
That's going to add
an exclamation point on the end.
And if we run this, we're gonna get
the same thing that we did with the other
implementation, POW!, ZAP!, BLAM!.
With exclamation points and uppercase.
If we tried to make
the same mistake as before.
We tried to add 500 on there,
it's just not gonna compile.
We're gonna get this error
message at compile time.
The third and fourth entries in this
list are different types of values.
Hint, every entry in a list needs
to be the same type of value.
So this will not compile,
that's one of the ways that Elm avoids
this particular type of runtime exception.